Add SR2026 wrap-up email (#238)
srobo/team-emails: SR2026/2026-04-29-competition-wrapup.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2026, including all secondary contacts and primary contacts from dropped-out teams
subject: That's a wrap on Student Robotics 2026
---

![The competitors from the SR2026 competition, standing in and around our arena.](https://studentrobotics.org/images/content/blog/sr2026/sr2026-photo.png)

Hi everyone,

We'd like to thank you all for taking part in Student Robotics 2026 and making it such an incredible event! An article about the competition, results and game has been [posted on our website](https://studentrobotics.org/blog/2026-04-22-mai-win-sr2026/).

Congratulations again to our winners:

| Prize                           | Team
|---------------------------------|--------------------------------
| 1st Place                       | Gymnasium Markt Indersdorf
| 2nd Place                       | Hills Road Sixth Form College

> | 3rd Place                       | The Ladies College

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3rd Place                       | The Ladies' College, Guernsey
```

Additionally, we welcome feedback from you the supervisors too. Please fill in this survey: [Supervisor Feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeOwaAOph1l7f6AmoRLXN2MC1zm6kkGzABIerjdJU4tJqt-7Q/viewform)

Without all of your invaluable feedback we wouldn't be able to run the competition and attract new sponsors.
Please **submit your feedback by 15th May**.

## Outstanding kit

Whilst most of you will have returned your kit at the end of the competition event, you may still have the other pieces of Student Robotics kit around your college. If you were unable to attend the competition, this will likely be a full kit.

If you do still have some of our kit, please let us know as soon as possible so we can organise its safe return. It is vitally important that all kit is returned to us so we can clean, test and re-issue it for future competitions.

We will be contacting you soon if our records indicate you still have some items of kit. In the meantime, you can find information about returning kit [in our docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/kit/return).

## Volunteering

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. As well as preparing the kit software & hardware for teams to use, it takes everything from event planning to fundraising, marketing to project management to make these events possible. If you know anyone who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blueshirt at [srobo.org/join](https://srobo.org/join).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. As well as preparing the kit software & hardware for teams to use, it takes everything from event planning to fundraising, marketing to project management to make these events possible. If you any of your competitors are interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a Blueshirt at [srobo.org/join](https://srobo.org/join).
```
The form needs updating to say September 2026 rather than September 2025

Author: Doesn't look like I have access to that form though which might be a problem

Author: Form updated

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. As well as preparing the kit software & hardware for teams to use, it takes everything from event planning to fundraising, marketing to project management to make these events possible. If you any of your competitors are interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a Blueshirt at [srobo.org/join](https://srobo.org/join).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. As well as preparing the kit software & hardware for teams to use, it takes everything from event planning to fundraising, marketing to project management to make these events possible. If any of your competitors are interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a Blueshirt at [srobo.org/join](https://srobo.org/join).
```

## Future Events

> We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September and will let you know as soon as they are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September and will let you know as soon as they are open.
```

> In the meantime, be sure to follow us on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/student_robotics). If you haven't done so already, please sign up to [our general mailing list](https://studentrobotics.org/compete/), to be notified as soon as places are open.

Reviewer 2: Minor Pedantry: Also might be worth saying subscribe to our YouTube? (Although I do admit you've already pointed them at it via the livestream links).
